-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going to create the internal
application load balancer using Kubernetes ingress manifest.
To do so, we are going to use the scheme,
scheme annotation as internal.
So if you remember, so
for the internet facing related load balancer to create
we have provided the scheme as internet facing.
So now we will comment that part
and add the scheme as internal so
that it'll create the ingress ALB internal load balancer
and to test this internal load balancer.
Right?
So we cannot connect to internal LB
directly from internet two test it.
So to do that we will deploy a curl part in EKS
cluster so we can connect to curl POD in EKS cluster
and test the internal LB endpoint using the curl command.
And these are the series of commands we are
going to use for curl testing.
So first we will deploy the curl part and using
the cube CTL exit command
we will connect to that respective curl part.
And from curl part we'll be able to run the curl commands.
So we'll run the curl command for our default
backend related use case and also for app one
curl test and also app two curl test.
We are going to run it in the next lecture.
We are going to practically implement this and test it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.